hello my name is maxim with you till
27 predatory plants philippine his
today we will talk about this
excellent plant like Venus flytrap
about which you probably already know from
various cartoon films and
gaming machines maxim you watch that and
butt spice will not sleep
don't expect your boss or
annoying neighbor who do by
in the morning repair and she will not eat
because the maximum sizes that
reach this plant that's just
so small so let's talk to
you about the plant itself and care for it
home conditions the venus flytrap is
plant predator
which grows on poor soil and because
nutritional deficiencies
she evolved from sheets
formed on the ears and this trap has
kind of open mouth with the eye of lenovo hairs
and sensitive to touch as well
inside are glands which
stand out sweet nice smelling
nectar
attracting insects to animal
sits on such a sheet and touches
internal hairs
the trap instantly slams a
numerous glands begin
produce body destructive enzymes
victims and so friends let's talk
like a meaningful flycatcher at home
terms of basic rules for the care of
Venus flytrap is a finger very
it is important to water the flycatcher only from
pan and distilled water only
no tap water no
mineral and also drinking because
they contain different substances and salts
who take lichku or what you will
more convenient and easy to pour into the pan
nothing complicated about it
had no
it is very important to observe his plant
drinks as much liquid as she
it is very important to watch out for
the ground that it is not dried out, and the same
time he did not float in the water as far as
drying out just watering the winter venus
the flycatcher is a perennial plant
so she needs
wintering sounds we will tell you in
the next series of our video after
wintering
plants can sprout and if u
you plants are weak then better this
cut off the flower but still if you
We decided to collect the seeds with the help of this
leave for pollination
in order to cut the flower we
will need directly from the flycatcher
a sharp knife a cotton swab and
crushed activated tablet
coal with a knife we ​​are at an angle of 65
degrees we cut off the spike with then
using a cotton swab collect
activated carbon and inflict already
directly serious place on this
and
a review of venus on flytraps approached
end subscribe and we will delight
you still new videos as well as if you
still decided and want to order yourself
plant predator
come to our website Lipetsk
Yu.A. and order will always be happy